It's been so great reconnecting with my kids and husband.
I don't know why I've been left in the first place.
Oh, that reminds me.
I need to go to Casley Kindergarten soon.
It's only my childhood, Casley Kindergarten.
Your kids go there?
I'd kill to get my son into that place.
Good luck. You'd never get in.
Sorry to run.
I need to meet Ethan for the kid's parent teacher in her view.
Excuse me.
Hi. Can I take the rest of the afternoon off?
That's fine, but this will cost you a vacation day.
All right, let's make it.
I'm not late, am I?
What are you doing here?
I'm their mother.
Surely this meeting applies to me, too.
Absolutely mothers don't count.
Get out of here before you embarrass yourself.
I wish she's gone. Why does she keep coming to visit?
Don't worry about it, honey.
Look at her.